Modify rule S2230: LaYC review [SONARJAVA-4490] (#2547)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S2230/java/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

> Marking a non-`public` method `@Transactional` is both useless and misleading because Spring doesn't "see" non-`public` methods, and so makes no provision for their proper invocation.

Author: ```suggestion
Marking a non-`public` method `@Transactional` is both useless and misleading because Spring does not recognize non-`public` methods, and so makes no provision for their proper invocation.
```
